---
title: What to do after installing fedora
author: justin
description: Confiqure your system correctly
layout: post
---

#  Things you should do after installing Fedora 40

Fedora is one of those linux systems that is already pre-configured pretty well so as a linux end user not much input is required to set it up. That being said there are some small modifications you can do to get the best out of your newly installed system. Here are the things I do to a fedora system on any fresh install.
## 1. Configure DNF for Faster Downloads of Packages
The DNF package manager (what updates and upgrades the system) actually isn’t the most fastest or robust, that would go to APT and PACMAN respectively but you can fix the main issue with DNF with some simple tweaking of the DNF configuration file.
Open up your terminal and write the following
sudo nano /etc/dnf/dnf.conf
and add these lines to the bottom of the file (to get to the bottom of the file just use your arrow down key)
max_parallel_downloads=10 fastestmirror=true deltarpm=true
Make sure to press CTL + X to exit and press Y to save the changes to the file.
## 2. Enable RPM Fusion and FlatHub Repositories
Fedora is truly an open-source only linux distribution which is great for people who only want to use FOSS and no proprietary software. However some things need and run it. I enable the free and non-free repository for something I install later on just in case it’s not in the official fedora repos. The rest is covered by [FlatHub](https://flathub.org/home) (I personally use [Todoist](https://flathub.org/apps/com.todoist.Todoist) for my cross-platform to-do list manager and [Flatseal](https://flathub.org/apps/com.github.tchx84.Flatseal) which helps you manage the flatpacks access permissions.)
To enable both the free and non-free RPM fusion repositories and the FlatHub repository just add the following lines into your terminal separately and run 1 at a time.
- `sudo dnf install https://download1.rpmfusion.org/free/fedora/rpmfusion-free-release-$(rpm -E %fedora).noarch.rpm`
- `sudo dnf install https://download1.rpmfusion.org/nonfree/fedora/rpmfusion-nonfree-release-$(rpm -E %fedora).noarch.rpm`
- `flatpak remote-add --if-not-exists flathub https://dl.flathub.org/repo/flathub.flatpakrepo`
## 3. Update your system
All that’s left is to update your system by using
`sudo dnf update`
and once that’s completed reboot the system and you’re good to go. Below is a list on how to use the DNF package manager like a pro 😜
## How to use the DNF package manager
- `sudo dnf check-update` - checks for updates
- `sudo dnf update` - updates the system
- `sudo dnf install package_name` - installs a package
- `sudo dnf autoremove`  - removes orphaned packages
- `sudo dnf search package_name` - searches for a package to install
- `sudo dnf downgrade package_name` - downgrades a package if you have errors
