---
title: Quotes said by me
author: justin
description: Quotes by me that I've said at some stage in life.
layout: post
---

#  The Quotes

- If something sucks, I've always been completely vocal about it, and I've been punished many, many times because of that. But I don't think I'd be in the spot I'm in right now if I wasn't me. I've always just been me.

- Some of you need to stop listening to criticism from people you wouldn’t ask advice from.

- Different people are afforded different opportunities. I've been given some awesome opportunities, and I feel that I've always knocked them out of the park. But I've always been scaled back after that.

- I'm a goal-oriented person, and instead of focusing on the past, I'd rather focus on the future.

- I'm somebody who constantly wants to challenge himself, evolve, and grow. Because if you don't, you fade. You become stagnant.

- I would much rather be hated for who I am, then loved for something that I am not.

- The best thing you can probably do is keep a low profile, keep your eyes and ears open, your mouth shut, and you will learn a ton.

- People spend all of their money on cartons of alcohol, cigarettes and stuff like that for what? To alter their reality because they can't face it?

- I never understood why people would smoke all of those cigarettes? It's not like they are making you better...they are killing you. It seems real idiotic to me.

- I'm Straight Edge for me, so what everyone else is doing, it doesn't matter because I'm not the one doing stupid things and not remembering what I did last night!

- There is one word that describes people that don't like me: Irrelevant. 
